2236128775600T: What is the best way to modify this current best solution, given what you know about these kinds of problem specification?
M: Elaborate on the instruction giving some detailed advice on how to do what it wants, as if you were explaining it to a child.
P: Write a personal reflection or essay about the concept of love, exploring its various forms and your own experiences and understanding of it, as if you were explaining it to a child.
fitness: 0.0
parent: None
mutant method: first_order_prompt_gen
Result: Hey there, kiddo! So, you know how sometimes we feel happy and warm inside when we're with someone or something? That's because of something called love. Love is like a special kind of magic that makes us feel good and makes us want to be with the people and things that make us happy. There are lots of different kinds of love, and I want to tell you about some of them. First, there's the love we feel for our family and friends. This is like a big hug that we give to the people who are important to us. We love them because they make us feel safe and happy, and we want to be with them all the time. Then there's romantic love. This is the kind of love that grown-ups feel for each other when they fall in love. It's like a special kind of magic that makes us feel all fluttery and excited inside. We might feel like we're walking on air when we're with the person we love, and we want to be with them all the time. But love isn't just about feeling happy and warm inside. It's also about being kind and caring towards others. When we love someone, we want to help them and make them happy. We might do things for them, like cooking them dinner or helping them with their homework. We might also listen to them and make them feel heard and understood. I've experienced love in different ways throughout my life. When I was a kid, I loved my parents and siblings with all my heart. We would do things together, like go on vacations and play games. As I got older, I started to feel romantic love for the first time. It was like a big rush of excitement and happiness, and it made me feel like I was on top of the world. But as I grew older, I realized that love isn't just about feeling happy and excited. It's also about being kind and caring towards others. I started to love my friends and family in a different way, by being there for them and supporting them through tough times. I also started to love myself, by taking care of my own needs and being kind to myself. So, that's what love is like, kiddo. It's a special kind of magic that makes us feel happy and warm inside, and it's also about being kind and caring towards others. I hope you understand what love is now, and I hope you get to experience it in all its forms as you grow up.